What to submit / How to submit Assignment 3

1) Submit  tar ball named  csc488h.A3.XY.tar  (where XY is your team number).
   If more than one tar ball is submitted by a team we will use the most
   recent one.

The tar ball should contain:

a) a complete compilable source tree for your Assignment 3 compiler.
   We will compile your compiler from source and run it on our test cases.
   We will do
             ant distclean	# just to be sure 
             ant gettools
             ant dist
   and will use the compiler   dist/compiler488.jar   to test your software.

  We don't need/want compiled files, so you should do  "ant distclean"  before
  you tar your source tree.   

  We do not need/want the javadoc for your compiler.  We can generate
  it if required.  "ant distclean" will remove any existing  javadoc

  [The truly paranoid will verify that their compiler
   can be recompiled from the directory tree in the tar ball.
   Paranoia is recommended by many software engineers including the instructor.]

b) all of your test cases.  Please put them in a top-level directory
   named   testing.   
   Provide an index of your test cases,  called  testing/README.tests 
   This index should give a one line summary of the purpose of each test.
   Put all tests that you expect to pass (no errors) in a subdirectory testing/pass
   Put all tests that you expect to fail (i.e. detect an error) in a 
     subdirectory  testing/fail.

c) All of your documentation.  Put it in a top level directory named   doc
   Use subdirectories if you wish.  Your documentation should describe
   all of the code you added to create your A3 solution.  An index of 
   classes will make the marker happy.  Include:

   Your AST design document.
   Your semantic analysis design document.
   Your symbol table design document.
   The Who-did-What description
   Documentation of the testing that you did.

2) Submit printed documents to the drop box in BA2220

What you need to submit as hard copy:

a)  All of the documentation listed under 1c above
b)  The README.tests file  listed  under  1b above

We do not want/need hard copy listings of your compiler source code,
compiler javadoc or test cases.

